Chennai Super Kings will donate proceeds from their first IPL home game to the families of the CRPF personnel martyred in the Pulwama terrorist attack, with skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni presenting the cheque.

The 12th Indian Premier League will begin with defending champions Chennai Super Kings taking on Royal Challengers Bangalore and ticket proceeds of the game, scheduled to be heal at the MA Chidambaram Stadium on Saturday, will go to the kin of the CRPF personnel who lost their lives in the February 14 terror attack, said CSK's director Rakesh Singh.

"ChennaiIPL first home match ticket proceeds will go towards the families of the victims of Pulwama Attack. Captain MS Dhoni, who is honorary Lt. Colonel of the Indian territorial army, will present the cheque!" Singh said on the team's twitter handle.

Tickets to the much-awaited game were sold out within hours of the opening day sale.

More than 40 jawans lost their lives in the attack perpetrated by Pakistan-based terror outfit Jaish-e-Mohammed (JeM) in South Kashmir's Pulwama.

A convoy of 78 buses, in which around 2,500 CRPF personnel were travelling from Jammu to Srinagar, came under attack on February 14.

As a mark of respect for the personnel who lost their lives, Indian cricketers recently sported special army caps during the third ODI against Australia and donated their match fee to the National Defence Fund.Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and many others decided not celebrate Holi.

Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh, Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, his counterpart in West Bengal, Mamata Banerjee, and Union Minister VK Singh were among the politicians who decided not to celebrate Holi today as a mark of respect to the CRPF soldiers who were killed in the Pulwama terror attack.

But Mr Kejriwal did tweet Holi wishes.

A very happy holi — Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) March 21, 2019

Ms Banerjee said, "We will not celebrate Holi, but the people will find colourful ways to celebrate the festival." She added, "We do not want to politicise the incident (Pulwama terror attack). But the jawans died despite the government having intelligence inputs about a possible terror strike."

She also conveyed her wishes to the people on Holi.

Heartiest #Holi greetings to all. May your life be filled with colours of joy & happiness. Your enjoyment should not bring sorrow to someone else



In memory of slain jawans in #PulwamaAttack & other brave martyrs, I have decided not to participate in Holi festivities this year — Mamata Banerjee (@MamataOfficial) March 21, 2019

Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said that he will not celebrate Holi this year due to the terror attack in Pulwama. Mr Singh tweeted, " Happy Holi to everyone. May this festival of colours bring happiness in your lives and strengthen the bond of peace & harmony in our society."

आप सभी को होली पर्व की हार्दिक शुभकामनायें! Happy Holi to everyone. May this festival of colours bring happiness in your lives and strengthen the bond of peace & harmony in our society. — Chowkidar Rajnath Singh (@rajnathsingh) March 21, 2019

In 2017 too, Mr Singh stayed away from Holi celebrations following a Maoist attack in Sukma that claimed the lives of 12 CRPF soldiers.

Union Minister VK Singh also stayed away from this year's celebrations. He tweeted, saying, "My family and I are not celebrating Holi this year owing to the sadness that engulfs us in the aftermath of the Pulwama Attack and Manohar Parrikar Ji's untimely death. However, I do hope that the year ahead is filled with the colours of joy & success for you & your family."

My family & I are not celebrating Holi this year owing to the sadness that engulfs us in the aftermath of the #PulwamaAttacks & #ManoharParrikar Ji's untimely death



However,I do hope that the year ahead is filled with the colours of joy & success for you & your family. #Holi2019 — Chowkidar Vijay Kumar Singh (@Gen_VKSingh) March 21, 2019

Union minister Hardeep Singh Puri wished everyone on the occasion of Holi and tweeted, "May the colours and positivity of Holi give us yet another reason to stay together as one people & celebrate the unity of India. However, to honour the sacrifice of our Pulwama soliders, Thoughts and prayers with the families of the bravehearts."

May the colours & positivity of Holi give us yet another reason to stay together as one people & celebrate the unity of India.



However, to honour the sacrifice of our Pulwama Martyrs, Lakshmi & I are not celebrating Holi. Thoughts & prayers with the families of the bravehearts. pic.twitter.com/2cyKvErWzO — Chowkidar Hardeep Singh Puri (@HardeepSPuri) March 21, 2019

The Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) will also not hold any official event today to celebrate Holi in solidarity with the families of the soldiers who lost their lives in the February 14 attack, its chief RR Bhatnagar said on Wednesday.

"No official function will be held in the establishments of CRPF in solidarity with the martyr families," he told ANI.

According to officials, Central Industrial Security Force (CISF), Border Security Force (BSF) and other para-military forces have also decided not to "officially" celebrate the festival.

Over 40 CRPF personnel were killed after a Jaish-e-Mohammed terrorist rammed an explosive-laden vehicle into their bus, which was part of a convoy of the paramilitary force going to Srinagar from Jammu, on February 14.

Get the latest election news, live updates and election schedule for Lok Sabha Elections 2019 on ndtv.com/elections. Like us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter and Instagram for updates from each of the 543 parliamentary seats for the 2019 Indian general elections.Standing With Our Soldiers 18 Feb, 2019 In the wake of what is one of the deadliest terrorist attacks on the armed forces in J&K, the Pulwama carnage saw the country come together to mourn the CRPF jawans who lost their lives.



The film fraternity, sports stars, and industrialists pledged to do their best to support the grieving families of the martyrs, even as organisations took stern steps in retaliation.



Here's a look at the heartwarming donations that have poured in, and and the messages in support of the country's armed forces.



An Artiste's Call 22 Feb, 2019 Condemning the attack and advocating taking a tough stand, several Bollywood film-makers have decided not to release their films in Pakistan. Salman Khan-produced 'Notebook', Shahid Kapoor-starrer 'Kabir Singh', Sooraj Pancholi's 'Satellite Shankar', Kartik Aryan and Kriti Sanon's 'Luka Chuppi' and Diljit Dosanjh's 'Arjun Patiala' are among the several films that won't cross the border. Director Tigmanshu Dhulia (top R) also said that he won't release his upcoming 'Milan Talkies' in the neighbour country for two reasons, "No, it will not release in Pakistan. For two reasons. First, we stand in solidarity. Second, piracy originates from Pakistan. So, we should never release our films there, irrespective of any reasons." Condemning the attack and advocating taking a tough stand, several Bollywood film-makers have decided not to release their films in Pakistan. Salman Khan-produced 'Notebook', Shahid Kapoor-starrer 'Kabir Singh', Sooraj Pancholi's 'Satellite Shankar', Kartik Aryan and Kriti Sanon's 'Luka Chuppi' and Diljit Dosanjh's 'Arjun Patiala' are among the several films that won't cross the border. Director Tigmanshu Dhulia (top R) also said that he won't release his upcoming 'Milan Talkies' in the neighbour country for two reasons, "No, it will not release in Pakistan. For two reasons. First, we stand in solidarity. Second, piracy originates from Pakistan. So, we should never release our films there, irrespective of any reasons."

In Time Of Need 22 Feb, 2019 Veteran music composer Khayyam opted not to celebrate as he turned 92, and donated Rs 500,000 towards the Prime Minister's Relief Fund for the family members of the martyrs of the Pulwama terror attack. Raveena Tandon (R) also urged people to come forward and help the cause, "These are moments when everyone should come forward and contribute whatever it might be - whether it's a big or small amount."The actress said that her Foundation will help support the education of martyrs' children. She added that it didn't refer to only the Pulwama martyrs but to all the jawans. Veteran music composer Khayyam opted not to celebrate as he turned 92, and donated Rs 500,000 towards the Prime Minister's Relief Fund for the family members of the martyrs of the Pulwama terror attack. Raveena Tandon (R) also urged people to come forward and help the cause, "These are moments when everyone should come forward and contribute whatever it might be - whether it's a big or small amount."The actress said that her Foundation will help support the education of martyrs' children. She added that it didn't refer to only the Pulwama martyrs but to all the jawans.

United We Stand 22 Feb, 2019 Master blaster Sachin Tendulkar (r), who will join runners during the IDBI Federal Life Insurance New Delhi Marathon, will do push-ups as part of the #KeepMoving Push-up Challenge prior to the run to raise funds for the families of the martyrs. For each of the participants in the challenge, the marathon organisers will donate Rs 100 towards the relief fund.Meanwhile, former skipper Sourav Ganguly said that India should pull out from the upcoming World Cup match against Pakistan. Calling for severing all sporting ties with Pakistan, he said, "In the wake of the attack, India should not only stop playing cricket, hockey or football with Pakistan but should cut all ties with them." Master blaster Sachin Tendulkar (r), who will join runners during the IDBI Federal Life Insurance New Delhi Marathon, will do push-ups as part of the #KeepMoving Push-up Challenge prior to the run to raise funds for the families of the martyrs. For each of the participants in the challenge, the marathon organisers will donate Rs 100 towards the relief fund.Meanwhile, former skipper Sourav Ganguly said that India should pull out from the upcoming World Cup match against Pakistan. Calling for severing all sporting ties with Pakistan, he said, "In the wake of the attack, India should not only stop playing cricket, hockey or football with Pakistan but should cut all ties with them."The China-led regional security bloc, Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) has said India and Pakistan should resolve their differences in the aftermath of the Pulwama terror attack bilaterally, cautioning them against any spillover of the animosity in the group.

India and Pakistan also have to remain committed to fighting terrorism, the newly appointed SCO secretary-general, Vladimir Norov said.

“Otherwise, it would be impossible for the two States to participate in the SCO,” he added.

Norov said the SCO members were “sincerely glad” that the “calls for restraint and a political and diplomatic solution to bilateral conflicts from all SCO member states were heard by the parties”.

“The whole world has heard clear signals from the parties not to escalate relations and their readiness to fully understand and follow the principles established within the organisation,” he said.

Norov, however, didn’t comment on the wide differences between India and Pakistan – and also China – on terrorism and specific terror suspects.

India and Pakistan were admitted to the six-member group in 2017 after several years of negotiations.

Their history of hostility and more recently the military engagement following the Pulwama terror attack have put question marks on whether New Delhi and Islamabad will be able to set aside their differences when sitting at the same SCO table.

Pakistan-based Jaish-e-Mohammed (JeM) claimed responsibility for the Pulwama attack, in which 40 CRPF soldiers were killed. But its leader Azhar Masood was saved from being listed as a global terrorist at the United Nations – for the fourth time – by Islamabad’s snug ally, China.

India said it was disappointed by China’s decision to block Masood’s listing.

In a written question, HT had asked how and whether SCO will be able to iron out these differences on a crucial issue like terrorism among India, China, and Pakistan.

Norov didn’t answer the question directly but said India and Pakistan will have to work together in the SCO.

He was addressing his first press conference held at the SCO headquarters in Beijing on Wednesday; the other SCO members are Russia, Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan.

“As you know, before joining the SCO as full members, India and Pakistan committed themselves to strictly implement all the provisions of the legal framework that has been developed by the member states of the organisation,” Norov added.

“One of such fundamental obligations is not to bring bilateral contradictions and disagreements to the SCO family, as the SCO is not engaged in the settlement of disputable bilateral issues, whether border, water or other topics in relations between individual member states,” he said.

“In addition, the most important condition for participation in multi-disciplinary cooperation within the SCO is the commitment to the unconditional and consistent struggle against terrorism, separatism, and extremism,” he said.

The SCO acquired a trans-regional character with the joining of India and Pakistan.

“I can say that with the accession of India and Pakistan, the SCO has acquired a trans-regional character, and in terms of its aggregate potential - the total population, territory, reserves of natural resources, GDP - it has become the largest organisation not only in the region but also in the world. Based on this, many experts note that the SCO should be among the main “supporting structures” of the future world order,” Norov said.

Norov said counter-terrorism and cooperation in the field of security were very important issues for SCO members.

The SCO Charter defines joint counteraction to terrorism, separatism, and extremism in all their manifestations as one of the important tasks.

He said that for almost two decades, the organisation has made a significant contribution to security and development in a vast region is an indisputable fact.

“Over the years, the joint efforts of all parties have succeeded in creating a solid legal framework and effective mechanisms for cooperation in the field of security. The approval at the Qingdao summit of the Cooperation Program of the SCO member states in countering terrorism, separatism and extremism for 2019-2021 reflects the desire of all the organisation’s states to counter major security threats in Eurasia,” he said.

First Published: Mar 21, 2019 10:51 ISTSpeaking at the 80th raising day of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF), National Security Adviser Ajit Doval said that the nation’s leadership is capable of reacting to any terror attack, and will decide if the retaliation should target terrorists or those who control them. That is very well, but what about preventing another attack?When a suicide bomber drove a vehicle laden with some 300 kg of explosives into a convoy of CRPF personnel at Pulwama , the result was tragedy. Over 40 security men were killed, several more wounded. The immediate reaction was sorrow, anger and outrage. The attack was claimed by the Pakistan-based Jaish-e-Mohammed (JeM), headed by Masood Azhar . In retaliation, the government sent Indian warplanes into Pakistani territory and bombed targets there.The response was powerful, justified and recognised as such by most global powers. Pakistan came under immense pressure to release the Indian fighter pilot it had shot down and captured. India won diplomatic support for putting Masood Azhar on the UN’s sanctions list from most countries, save China.The general reaction in India was one of jubilation at breaking free from Pakistan’s nuclear thrall. Prime Minister Narendra Modi who dared to take the decision to use air power, even if only for a “pre-emptive, non-military” strike, basked in the glow of public approval. But, in the process, one vital question has been left to blow forlornly in the wind: why and how did Pulwama happen? When military men die, the popular response is one of grief and admiration for their heroism. Rarely do people ask whether those deaths were necessary.Not though the soldier knew/ Someone had blundered./ Theirs not to make reply,/ Theirs not to reason why,/ Theirs but to do and die/ Into the valley of death/ Rode the six hundred. The Charge of the Light Brigade evokes awe of military bravery and sacrifice, but it also deplores blundered loss of life.The mid-19th century Crimean war, in which a traditional British light cavalry brigade charged a deployment of Russian cannon, providing Alfred Tennyson with the material for his poem, caused so much needless loss of life and treasure that the resultant public outcry led to professionalisation of the British army and the conduct of war.In India, the death of brave soldiers provokes similar awe at their bravery and sacrifice. But the needed follow-through of professionalisation of conduct in matters of war and security just does not happen.The Pathankot Air Force Station was attacked in January 2016. Six soldiers were killed. India handed over proof to Islamabad of their non-State actors’ involvement in the attack, even invited their people to investigate the crime scene. Deadpan, Pakistani investigators declared that India had stage-managed the attack to malign Pakistan.Six months later, an army brigade headquarters at Uri was attacked. It left 19 soldiers dead. India performed its surgical strikes on terror launch pads across the Line of Control and declared vindication.Two months later, terrorists attacked an army base at Nagrota, killing seven Indian soldiers. Evidently, the surgical strikes were more effective in spawning Bollywood josh than in preventing further attacks.After the Pulwama attack and India’s counter-attack, the National Security Adviser is again threatening retaliation for fresh attacks. Could we have some serious thought on how to prevent such attacks, foiling incipient attacks through intelligence that lives up to its name and pre-emptive action?If we value the lives of our soldiers, we must focus on preventing such attacks, not revelling in our ability to strike back when a fresh attack happens. For that, fresh attacks must be recognised as security failures on the part of the government that cannot be offset by any subsequent show of force.Nor is this failure at the level of policing and intelligence gathering alone. Essentially, the failure is that of politics, failure to live up to the promise and challenge of democracy. It is now commonplace for an encounter in Kashmir between India’s armed forces and separatist militants to draw a local crowd of protesters, who seek to shield the militants and help them escape. Some of these civilians end up as collateral damage. Every civilian death breeds yet more alienation and yet more militants.One such young man drove a carload of explosives into the CRPF convoy at Pulwama.For far too long has India sent its security forces to wage war against its own people in Kashmir, the northeast, the tribal plains and jungles of Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh. This strategy has produced alienation and discontent, propelling the conflict forward from one generation to the next. Soldiers have been killed, as well as civilians and rebels. This strategy must be abandoned.India’s biggest strength is democracy. Democracy must be the means to resolve separatist conflict and rebellion. Brandishing the sword of retribution serves not to deter fresh attacks, but to whip up nationalist frenzy. That is not the way to honour the dead.DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's ow n.